[ENH] Fix various typos (#809)
datalad-handbook/book: docs/basics/101-115-symlinks.rst

As we saw within the demonstrations of :command:`datalad run`, modifying content of non-text files, such as ``.jpg``\s, typically requires the additional step of *unlocking* file content, either by hand with the :command:`datalad unlock` command, or within :command:`datalad run` using the ``-o``/``--output`` flag.

There is one detail about DataLad datasets that we have not covered yet.

> It's both a crucial aspect to understanding certain aspects of a dataset, but it is also a potential source of confusion that we want to eradicate.

Reviewer: I think we can use this opportunity and make this sentence read better by doing something like this
```suggestion
It is a crucial component to understanding certain aspects of a dataset, but it is also a potential source of confusion that we want to eradicate.
```

Reviewer: Other than that, a merge is long overdue :)
